[Narrator] Last Dragon Ball Z
Kai: Having finally arrived
on Planet Namek, Goku
demonstrated his new strength
by easily overpowering
the Ginyu Force.
But will Goku
have what it takes
to face Captain Ginyu himself?
The battle continues now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
These two are still alive,
but they probably need to see
a doctor...
If you want to help 'em,
come pick 'em up
and get off this planet.
Don't be absurd, Kakarot!
Finish them off now while
you still have the chance!
No, I've already
made my point.
This fight is over.
They're not a threat
to anyone like this.
This can't be real...
We're unstoppable...
The one and only Ginyu Force!
We are hands down the toughest,
meanest group of warriors
ever assembled...
a freakin' force of nature!
Nobody stops us!
So how did this no power-level
weakling do this?!
Damn it! He's beating
us to a bloody pulp.
And there's not a
thing I can do about it,
not on my own!
[Gohan]
He's getting away!
Huh? Are you kiddin' me?
He's just gonna run off
and leave his friends behind?
[Krillin] Hey...
Who are you and what
have you done with Goku?
[flying sounds]
Vegeta!
[Vegeta laughing]
[explosion]
What's wrong with you?!
I told you we didn't have
to worry about
those guys anymore.
They were done... they couldn't
even defend themselves.
They got exactly
what they deserved.
And you...
you make me sick.
What were you thinking, letting
the last one get away?!
With your new strength,
you could have finished
him without batting an eye!
Ha! But it seems
you're still as soft as ever.
You're no Super Saiyan,
that much is certain.
What the... a Super Saiyan?
What good is all that power
if you don't have the
killer instinct to finish the
job?! You'll never beat Frieza
like that, not even if
you were immortal.
You don't have a clue...
That tyrant is going to
chew you up and spit you out!
Look, I don't really like to
brag, but I think I've gotten
just about as strong
as a person can get...
And even with that, you're
still saying this Frieza guy's
going to beat me so easily?
Effortlessly... fool. Don't
overestimate your own ability.
Frieza won't go down lightly...
...his power is far
greater than you can imagine!
Oh, come on!
You've gotta be exaggerating
just a little bit, right?
You saw for yourself
how awesome Goku is now.
Uh-huh.
Those Ginyus were crazy
strong and Goku beat 'em easy.
How much tougher could
Frieza be? I mean, really?
I don't see either of
you raring to take him on.
At any rate, he's obtained
all seven Dragon Balls,
which means he's
more than likely
gained immortality by now.
Any thoughts of defeating him
are sheer
fantasy at this point.
The best we can hope for
is not to run into him.
I've got a feeling that Frieza
hasn't had his
wish granted yet.
What do you mean? Why not?
Well... it hasn't gotten dark.
If the Dragon Balls here
are anything like the ones back
on Earth... the sky turns black
when Shenron appears.
We would've noticed
something as obvious as that.
So... Shenron hasn't appeared.
Shenron?! What the
hell is a Shenron?!
You mean to tell me this thing
comes out of the Dragon Balls
when they're collected?
Of course!
It makes perfect sense!
Frieza has no idea
what the password is!
He probably thought he'd have
his wish granted the second
he brought all seven together!
There's a password?
Why didn't I know this?!
You know what
that means, right?
There's still a chance for
us to get our wish granted!
Awesome!
How about that?
So, if we hurry
up and get moving
then we can bring everyone
back... just like we promised!
Yay!
Um, but first we
gotta find a way
to get the Dragon
Balls back, right?
[Vegeta Thinking]
Shenron?
[Ginyu] Are you kidding me?!
Guldo, Recoome and Burter
have all been taken out?!
Yes... but sir,
the craziest part
is the guy
that did it.
Don't be stupid!
We are the Ginyu Force!
We're unbeatable!
An elite fighting unit made
up of the best of the best!
Our might is second to
none but Lord Frieza himself!
That's what I
thought too, sir;
but you should
have seen it...
...he was
inconceivable!
[Ginyu Growls]
So those three
disappearing power levels
weren't a scouter
malfunction after all.
What the hell are
we dealing with here?
Sir! We have to
tell Lord Frieza.
Are you insane?! And lose our
heads along with our dignity?!
We're lucky that
Lord Frieza isn't here.
[chuckles]
Just leave this to me,
I'll handle it.
They don't call me
Captain Ginyu for nothing.
Yes... whatever
you say, sir.
You men, bury those Dragon
Balls! If anything happens
to them now, Lord Frieza
will have all of our heads!
Sir, yes sir!
[incoherent chatting]
[digging]
[stomping]
No one will find
them now, Captain.
Good... Let's move out.
I plan on taking my sweet time
showin' this
Tough Guy who's boss.
[military drum roll]
Ginyu Force.
Go!
[awkward clapping]
Uhh...
This doesn't look so cool
with just the two of us, huh?
All those hours
rehearsing this pose
in front of the mirror wasted.
No one makes the great
Captain Ginyu look like a fool!
[Bulma] I've had it
up to here with Dad.
Where does the old
crank get off telling me
Goku should already be here?
[crackling]
Surely if Goku
was already on Namek
his first priority
would be to rescue me.
Ugh!
[sigh]
I mean that's obvious, isn't it?
[Krillin] If only we
had some surefire way
of getting the
Dragon Balls back...
You know these guys. What's the
best way of getting around them
without them finding out?
There's got to be something
the four of us can do.
Feeling squeamish
about facing-off
with Frieza
all of a sudden?
I'm still gonna do my best
to bring him down...
...but before that we've got to
make good on our promise
to bring back the friends
of ours you killed on Earth.
And to what
purpose would you
bring your little
entourage back
when it's only
a matter of time
before Frieza wipes
them all out again?
C'mon use your heads.
Why waste a good wish?
Let me become--
Lay off that already!
If you're granted eternal
life the rest of us would be
no better off than
if Frieza had his way!
There's two big powers
headed right toward us!
The Captain himself...
[Vegeta] Great...
Jeice, the one you
let go has returned.
And he's brought
his fearless leader...
I don't care how
strong you've become...
you're going to have your
hands full with this one.
Yeah he's right...
this guy's way stronger
than the others.
Hold on... Where did
Frieza run off to?
I can't sense him; you'd think
he'd be onboard the spaceship
hovering over the goods
Ginyu just laid at his feet.
[Goku] Well,
he's not there now,
I can tell you that.
I'm feeling a huge
amount of energy
coming from
that direction.
That's him... Who else
could it be but Frieza?
Yeah... But isn't that where...
The Grand Elder!
He must be trying to find
the Grand Elder's place!
The old Namekian?
That's it! Frieza couldn't
get his wish granted,
so now he's using a scouter to
track down the last Namekians
and get some answers!
So, what? You think the Grand
Elder will just give him
this password
or whatever it is?
Is he the one who
created the Dragon Balls
on this planet
in the first place?
As a matter of fact,
that's exactly who he is.
This isn't good.
No it's not! Once Frieza
thinks he's figured out
how to get his wish granted,
he'll just kill the Grand Elder
like he did all the others!
There's nothing to stop him!
Frieza doesn't know
if the Grand Elder dies
the Dragon Balls
won't work anymore!
They'll be
rendered useless?!
[distant flying sounds]
Look!
[flying sounds]
You thought you could make us
look like a
pack of losers, huh?
Well Captain Ginyu here
has something he'd like
to say to you about that!
[Krillin] What
do you say, Goku?
You can take
this guy, can'tcha?
I guess there's only
one way to find out.
You were right about
one thing, though...
...this one's a lot stronger
than the others were.
Is that him...
the troublemaker?
The scouter puts him
at about five-thousand.
Yeah, that's him.
Kind of weird that his
power level is so low, right?
You're such an idiot.
The reason he made you
look like "a pack of losers"
is that you
relied on your scouters.
He's obviously
capable of bumping up
his power level during combat.
A shrewd warrior could tell
that about him at a glance.
By my estimation, I'd say
this fellow's true power level
is somewhere in the
neighborhood of sixty-thousand.
Sixty-thousand!
But that's impossible;
he's just a Saiyan!
I've never
known one of them
to get even half
that strong, sir!
It's not unheard of.
He's probably a naturally
gifted fighter who had his
abilities amplified by
some mutation, like us.
In any case, this
suddenly promises
to be a very interesting fight.
Heh. Who'd have thought
today'd be the day
when Captain Ginyu got
to showcase his true power?
This is gonna be fun.
Alright, I'll keep this
guy busy for a while.
You two to go get
the radar from Bulma.
Find the Dragon Balls
as soon as you can.
They probably took them
back to Frieza's spaceship.
We might be able to
get them if he's gone.
[Goku] Okay. Then if I'm
able to win this round,
I'll be right behind you.
[Krillin] What
do you mean "if"?
Don't talk like that,
of course you will!
Sure...
Alright, let's do this.
We don't have much
time before Frieza reaches
the Grand Elder's place,
we've got to hurry!
He might even be
there right now!
Whatever you do, be safe.
Vegeta, how about you
take the one on the left
and I take the
one on the right?
You've recovered
from near death
a couple of times
now, haven't you?
You should be up for this.
I figure your new strength'll
make this an easy win for you.
Oh, I'm sure it will.
Right. Go for it, guys.
Just be careful.
You got it, Dad!
Best of luck, Goku!
Those two are getting away!
They're nobody.
Let 'em go.
Okay. Let's do
what we've got to do.
What choice
do we have?
[snickering]
[blasting off]
Have fun, Kakarot!
[Maniacal laughter]
Vegeta, no!
You're wide open!
[kapow]
[frenzied fighting]
Hiyah!
Aah!
[wham]
Ahhh!
[Chuckles]
Oof!
[groaning]
[Laughs]
[screaming]
[explosion]
[blasting off]
[yelling]
[bam]
[frenzied fighting]
Ow... Vegeta...
you double-crosser...
Bravo. You're good at this.
Even better than I
gave you credit for.
[Chuckles]
If Vegeta hadn't bailed on you,
you might've
actually had a shot.
[Goku thinking] Damn it!
There's isn't much time.
I need to settle this
quickly or I might as well
throw everyone's hope
right out the window.
[flying sounds]
[Laughs]
Isn't this a welcome
turn of events?
If I've read their
powers correctly,
Ginyu and Kakarot
are evenly matched.
With any luck, they'll
take each other out
and leave me free to
do whatever I please.
At the very least
they're preoccupied...
Once I've beaten the
password from the two runts,
I'll make sure they're
no longer in a position
to be a nuisance to me.
With the aid of
their special radar,
I can find the Dragon Balls,
be granted immortality,
and set my sights on Frieza!
[Maniacal laughter]
[yelling]
[explosion]
[frenzied fighting]
[Ginyu] I have
to hand it to you,
for a Saiyan your
speed is exceptional.
But! You'll still
freeze with fear
at the sight of my
Ultra Fighting Pose!!!
Like this?
[Ginyu Grumbles]
You stupid!
Your legs are totally
in the wrong place!
Ooops... uh...
How's this?
So, um... what now?
Is there some reason why
we're doing this silly pose?
"Silly pose"?! A rank
amateur like you dares to mock
the Ginyu Force's flawless
sense of showmanship?!!
Sorry about that. I'm not
really big on showing off,
and I really hate to
mess up your big entrance...
...but I don't have
a lot of time here.
Ah... You're pretty
sure of yourself, huh?
[Laughs]
Arrogant little ape.
Nobody talks
to me like that!
You've got
some nerve.
If I'd known you
were this cocky,
I would have made it more
of a point to knock you down
a few pegs
right from the start.
But for whatever reason,
I decided to play nice.
You see... we have
something in common.
Like you, I can keep the
full extent of my powers
safely under wraps until
the moment is just right.
[Jeice Thinking]
That's the Captain for you.
Calm, cool and in total
control of the situation.
Of course, that pretty
much goes without saying.
Even if this freak's power level
really is sixty-thousand,
on a bad day Captain
Ginyu's is way above that.
[charging]
Woah!
[blast]
[explosion]
[huge explosion]
[static]
Wonderful.
First the stupid spaceship gets
demolished so we're stuck here;
and now the communicator
decides to break down.
Next the sky will start
raining fire or something.
It's fixed! Yay!
Finally something feels
like cooperating
with me a little here.
[distant explosion]
Ahh!
[crash]
[beeping]
Ow... What does this
planet have against me?
[Gasps]
Huh... all the Dragon Balls
are gathered in one place...
...and I'm cooped up in here.
Those sneaky little buggers,
trying to summon the dragon
and have your wish
granted without me?
We'll see about that.
[mini explosion]
[Thinking]
Wait. If Vegeta's got 'em all,
what exactly am I
getting myself into?
Ahh!
Oh, give me a break! What
did I ever do to you Namek?!
Hey... I've got it. Even if it
is Vegeta who's got them all,
I only have to say
"take me home"
and Shenron will
whisk me out of here!
Of course! Simplicity itself.
Sorry guys,
this is what you get
for leaving me by myself.
[engines revving]
Lets go!
[blasting off]
[chuckling]
[flying sounds]
[frenzied fighting]
[splash]
[water bubbling]
[water exploding]
Huh?
What?! His speed can't
be greater than mine!
[Jeice] Ha!
Oh no.
[Laughs]
Have at him, sir!
He's all yours!
Show no mercy, Captain!
Snap that bastard in half!
He... He's so strong.
I can't get loose.
[Jeice] Come on!
What are you waiting for?
He's totally helpless;
pulverize him!
[Goku Thinking]
There's no other option.
I've got to
use the Kaio-ken.
Huh?
Wha--? Captain!
I don't recall
asking for your help!
But, sir I...
I'm perfectly capable of
fighting my own battles!
Butt in again and it'll be
you I pulverize, understood?!
Yes...
And as for you...
We've only just begun
tapping into the strength
you've got hidden away
in there, haven't we?
You think I can't tell when
someone's holding back?
Let me guess, you intend
on saving up all that power
for your big showdown
with Lord Frieza.
I understand.
It's not every day
we get to put
ourselves to the test,
but maybe you should focus
on the here and now.
Sounds good to me, heh.
Just remember: when
this is all over and done,
you asked for it.
[Ginyu] That's the spirit. Show
us what you're really made of
before I completely neutralize
you once and for all.
Take a good look at my
power level on that device
you guys like to use because I
think "what I'm really made of"
may just come as a shock...
[Ginyu] Heh.
Oh, I don't need
this "device."
I can't imagine your
power level reaching
any higher than
eighty-five thousand.
Kaio-ken...
[Goku Grunting]
[Ginyu Laughs]
[Goku growling]
[beeping]
[Gasp]
Ahh!
[Ginyu] Nine...
Ninety-five thousand?!
One-hundred thousand.
One-hundred
and five thousand...
One-hundred six...
One-hundred seven...
One-hundred and eight thousand!
This is impossible!
One-hundred nine thousand?!
[beeping]
No... One-hundred ten!
And it's still rising fast!
What is he?!
[Goku screaming]
[Narrator] Using the
mighty Kaio-ken technique,
Goku boosts his strength
to incredible new heights!
Is there no limit to his power?
Has the ruthless Captain
Ginyu finally met his match?
Find out, next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[Goku] Hey! It's me, Goku!
There. That ought
to give you an idea.
Don't get all swept off
your feet just yet, though;
I can get a lot stronger!
[Ginyu] I knew there was more
to you than meets the eye,
but this is outstanding!
[Ginyu laughs]
[Goku] What's so funny?
[Ginyu] I've waited a long
to time to face-off
with someone of your caliber!
[Goku] Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[Ginyu]
Thank you, Lord Frieza!
[Ginyu Laughs]